python/resources.md, before:

Python Development Resources
============================

+ Guides
    + [The Hitchhiker’s Guide to Python!](http://docs.python-guide.org/)
    + [Learning Python The Hard Way](http://learnpythonthehardway.org/book/)
    + [Python By Example](http://www.lightbird.net/py-by-example/)
    + [Automate the Boring Stuff With Python](https://automatetheboringstuff.com/)
    + [Google's Python Class](https://developers.google.com/edu/python/?csw=1)
    + [Porting to Python 3 Redux](http://lucumr.pocoo.org/2013/5/21/porting-to-python-3-redux/) - 
      Write code that works on Python 2.6, 2.7 and 3.3
+ Weekly & Daily Resources
    + [Python weekly](http://www.pythonweekly.com/)
    + [pycoders weekly](http://www.pycoders.com/)
    + [Planet Python](http://planet.python.org/)
+ Patterns
    + [Python Best Practice Patterns by Vladimir Keleshev]
    (http://stevenloria.com/python-best-practice-patterns-by-vladimir-keleshev-notes/) :
     [[Video]] (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZNUfkVIHAY)
+ [Web Frameworks](https://wiki.python.org/moin/WebFrameworks)
    + [Wheezy.web](https://bitbucket.org/akorn/wheezy.web/) -  lightweight, high performance, high concurrency WSGI web framework
        + [Documentation](http://wheezyweb.readthedocs.org/en/latest/)
    + [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/)
        + Resources
            + [Django Community Blogs](https://www.djangoproject.com/community/blogs/)
            + [Django Blog](https://www.djangoproject.com/weblog/)
            + [Django Snippets](https://djangosnippets.org/snippets/)
            + [Django Packages](https://www.djangopackages.com/)
        + Books and Tutorials
            + [The Django Book(Beginners and Intermediate)](http://www.djangobook.com/) -  1.4, 1.5, and beyond
            + [Two Scoops of django(Beginners and Intermediate)](http://django.2scoops.org/) - Best Practices For Django 1.5
            + [Test-Driven Web Development with Python](http://www.obeythetestinggoat.com/pages/book.html) - Successor to [Test-Driven Django Tutorial](http://www.tdd-django-tutorial.com/)
            + [Tango with Django](http://www.tangowithdjango.com) - A beginner's guide to web development with Django 1.5.4
            + [Hacker News Clone in Django](http://arunrocks.com/building-a-hacker-news-clone-in-django-part-1/)
            + [Getting Started With Django](http://gettingstartedwithdjango.com/)
            + [Django Tutorials](http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLQVvvaa0QuDcTDEowl-b5nQlaDaD82r_s)
            Video Playlist on YoutTube
            + [GoDjango](https://godjango.com/) - Video Screencasts
            + [Django by Example](http://lightbird.net/dbe2/) - Updated for Django 1.5.
            + [A Docker primer – from zero to a running Django app](http://ochronus.com/docker-primer-django/)
        + Getting set up
            + [For Mac OS X](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/starting/install/osx/)
            + [for Mac os X-1](https://leigh-sheneman.squarespace.com/blog/2014/5/19/easy-python-setup-for-a-mac)
            + [For Windows](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/starting/install/win/)
            + [For Linux](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/starting/install/linux/)
        + Learning Python
            + [10 ways to learn Python](http://codecondo.com/10-ways-to-learn-python/)
            + [Think Python](http://www.greenteapress.com/thinkpython/html/)
            + [Learn Python The Hard Way](http://learnpythonthehardway.org/)
            + [A Byte of Python](http://www.swaroopch.com/notes/python/)
            + [Python 101](http://www.rexx.com/~dkuhlman/python_101/python_101.html) 
            + [Codecademy](http://www.codecademy.com/tracks/python)
            + [Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/courses?search=python)
            + [Edx](https://www.edx.org/course/mitx/mitx-6-00-1x-introduction-computer-1841#.U5in4IaP8xA)
        + Libraries
            + [Django Jenkins](https://github.com/kmmbvnr/django-jenkins)-Plug and play continuous integration with django and jenkins
            + [Django Pipeline](http://django-pipeline.readthedocs.org/) is an asset packaging library for Django, providing both CSS and JavaScript concatenation and compression, built-in JavaScript template support, and optional data-URI image and font embedding.
            + [Django Compressor](http://django-compressor.readthedocs.org/) - Compresses linked and inline JavaScript or CSS into a single cached file.
            + [Django Assets](http://elsdoerfer.name/docs/django-assets/) - Part of [Webassets](http://elsdoerfer.name/docs/webassets/)
            + [Django Require(django-require)](https://github.com/etianen/django-require) A Django staticfiles post-processor for optimizing with RequireJS.
            + [Django Storages(django-storages)](http://django-storages.readthedocs.org/) is a collection of custom storage backends for Django.
            + [Django Cumulus(django-cumulus)](http://django-cumulus.readthedocs.org/) is to provide a set of tools to utilize the swiftclient api through Django.
            + [Django Simple Captcha](https://github.com/mbi/django-simple-captcha) is simple and highly customizable application to add captcha images to any form.
            + [Haystack](http://haystacksearch.org/) - Search for Django
              **[[DOC]](http://django-haystack.readthedocs.org/)**
              **[[IRC]](irc://irc.freenode.net/haystack)**
            + [Mezzanine](http://mezzanine.jupo.org/) - A content management platform
            + [Cartridge](http://cartridge.jupo.org/) - Shopping cart application
            + [Userena(django-userena)](http://django-userena.org) Accounts for Django made beautifully simple
            + [South - Migrations](http://south.readthedocs.org/en/latest/) - To be [part of Django core in 1.7](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/releases/1.7/#schema-migrations)
            + [Django Taggit](http://django-taggit.readthedocs.org/) - Simple tagging for django 
        + APIs
            + [Django All Access(django-all-access)](https://django-all-access.readthedocs.org)  is a reusable application for user registration and authentication from OAuth 1.0 and OAuth 2.0
            + [Django REST framework(django-rest-framework)](http://django-rest-framework.org/) - Awesome web-browsable Web APIs.
            + [Django Tastypie](http://django-tastypie.readthedocs.org/en/latest/)
            
    + [Tornado](http://www.tornadoweb.org/)
    + [Pylons (now Pyramid)](http://www.pylonsproject.org/)
    + [CherryPy](http://cherrypy.org/)
    + [Flask](http://flask.pocoo.org/)
    + [Pyjamas(now pyjs)](http://pyjs.org/)
    + [Web.py](http://webpy.org/)
    + [Web2py](http://web2py.com/)
        + Books and Tutorials
            + [Killer Web Development](http://killer-web-development.com/)
+ Libraries
    + [PEP8](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pep8) - Python style guide checker
    + [virtualenvwrapper](http://virtualenvwrapper.readthedocs.org/en/latest/) virtualenvwrapper is a set of extensions to virtualenv tool. 
    + [python-ldap](http://www.python-ldap.org/) provides an object-oriented API to access LDAP directory servers from Python programs.
    + [Pillow(PIL fork)](http://python-imaging.github.io/) - Python Imaging. Don't use <del>PIL</del>
    + [Beautiful Soup](http://www.crummy.com/software/BeautifulSoup/) - a library designed for screen-scraping HTML and XML.
    + [lxml](http://lxml.de/) - XML and HTML with Python
    + [pycrypto](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pycrypto) Python Cryptography Toolkit 
    + [Raven](http://raven.readthedocs.org/) is a Python client for Sentry
    + [IPython](http://ipython.org/ipython-doc/stable/interactive/tutorial.html) - Extended interactive shell
    + [IPDB](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/ipdb) - IPython support for PDB
    + [Templating in Python](https://wiki.python.org/moin/Templating)
        + [Jinja2](http://jinja.pocoo.org/docs/) is a full featured template engine for Python.
        + [Wheezy template](https://bitbucket.org/akorn/wheezy.template) - Compact, Expressive, Clean, Blazingly Fast
        + [Quik](https://github.com/avelino/quik) - A fast and lightweight Python template engine
        + [Airspeed](https://github.com/purcell/airspeed) - A lightweight Python template engine compatible with Velocity
        + [Chameleon](http://pagetemplates.org)
      
    + Parser, Emitter and Convertors
        + [PyYAML](http://pyyaml.org/wiki/PyYAML) - YAML
        + [Beautiful Soup](http://www.crummy.com/software/BeautifulSoup/) - HTML and XML.
        + [lxml](http://lxml.de/) - XML and HTML
      
        + [simplejson](http://simplejson.readthedocs.org/) - JSON
        + [feedparser](http://pythonhosted.org/feedparser/) - Atom and RSS feeds
        + [biplist](https://bitbucket.org/wooster/biplist) - binary plist
        + [CSV module](http://www.pythonforbeginners.com/systems-programming/using-the-csv-module-in-python/)
        + [isz-tool](https://github.com/oserres/isz-tool) - isz-tool is a command line utility 
        + [xhtml2pdf](http://www.xhtml2pdf.com) HTML/CSS to PDF
to manipulate ISZ files (.isz), including .isz to .iso conversion
    + Database
        + [psycopg](http://initd.org/psycopg/) - Psycopg is the most popular PostgreSQL adapter for the Python
        + [MySQLdb](http://mysql-python.sourceforge.net/MySQLdb.html) - MySQL database server that provides the Python database API.
        + [PyMongo](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-python-driver) - The Python driver for MongoDB
        + [Motor](https://github.com/mongodb/motor/) - Non blocking MongoDB driver for use with Tornado
    + Hadoop
        + [mrjob](http://pythonhosted.org/mrjob/) - Lets you write MapReduce jobs in Python 2.5+
        + [Dumbo](http://klbostee.github.io/dumbo/) - Convenient Python API for writing MapReduce programs.
        + [Hadoopy](http://www.hadoopy.com/en/latest/)
        + [Pydoop](http://pydoop.sourceforge.net/docs/)
    + Science and Mathematics    
        + [SciPy](https://www.scipy.org/) - SciPy (pronounced “Sigh Pie”) is a Python-based ecosystem of open-source software for mathematics, science, and engineering    
        + [NumPy](http://www.numpy.org/) - NumPy is the fundamental package for scientific computing with Python. It contains among other things:   
          + a powerful N-dimensional array object  
          + sophisticated (broadcasting) functions   
          + tools for integrating C/C++ and Fortran code   
          + useful linear algebra, Fourier transform, and random number capabilities   
        + [MatPlotLib](http://matplotlib.org/) - matplotlib is a python 2D plotting library which produces publication quality figures
    + Data Analysis
        + [pandas](http://pandas.pydata.org/) - pandas is an open source, BSD-licensed library providing high-performance, easy-to-use data structures and data analysis tools for the Python programming language
+ Conference
    + [PyCon](http://pycon.org/)
    + [djangocon](http://www.djangocon.us/)
    + [GotoConferences](http://gotocon.com/)
    + Videos
        + [PyCon US Videos - 2009, 2010, 2011](http://blip.tv/pycon-us-videos-2009-2010-2011)
        + [EuroPython Conference - 2013](https://www.youtube.com/user/PythonItalia)
        + [DjangoCon](http://blip.tv/djangocon)
        + [PyVideo](http://pyvideo.org/)
        + [Lanyrd #Python](http://lanyrd.com/topics/python/)
        + [Lanyrd #Django](http://lanyrd.com/topics/django/)
        + [pydanny](http://lanyrd.com/profile/pydanny/)@lanyrd
        + [jacobian](http://lanyrd.com/profile/jacobian/)@lanyrd
        + [jtauber](http://lanyrd.com/profile/jtauber/)@lanyrd
        + [NextDayVideo](http://www.youtube.com/user/NextDayVideo)
+ Miscellaneous
    + [PyMite](https://wiki.python.org/moin/PyMite) - Python on a microcontroller
    + [Pyserial](http://pythonhosted.org/pyserial/) - Pyserial encapsulates the access for the serial port
+ Hosting
    + [Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-python)
    + [Dotcloud](http://docs.dotcloud.com/services/python/)
    + [Appfog](https://docs.appfog.com/languages/python)
    + [AWS Elasticbeanstalk](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/latest/dg/create_deploy_Python.html)
    + [Deis](http://deis.io/) - Private PaaS like Heroku
    + [Webfaction](https://www.webfaction.com/) - Shared hosting
+ Books
    + [Python Algorithms: Mastering Basic Algorithms](http://www.amazon.in/Python-Algorithms-Mastering-Basic-Language/dp/148420056X/ref=dp_ob_title_bk) - Great Book for learning Basic Data Structures and Algorithms in Python (3.9 of 5 by GoodReads)    
    + [Distributed Computing with Python](https://www.packtpub.com/big-data-and-business-intelligence/distributed-computing-python) - A good beginner book for learning about Distrubted Computer Programming in Python

Commit message:

added sympy to python folder

python/resources.md, after:

Python Development Resources
============================

+ Guides
    + [The Hitchhiker’s Guide to Python!](http://docs.python-guide.org/)
    + [Learning Python The Hard Way](http://learnpythonthehardway.org/book/)
    + [Python By Example](http://www.lightbird.net/py-by-example/)
    + [Automate the Boring Stuff With Python](https://automatetheboringstuff.com/)
    + [Google's Python Class](https://developers.google.com/edu/python/?csw=1)
    + [Porting to Python 3 Redux](http://lucumr.pocoo.org/2013/5/21/porting-to-python-3-redux/) - 
      Write code that works on Python 2.6, 2.7 and 3.3
+ Weekly & Daily Resources
    + [Python weekly](http://www.pythonweekly.com/)
    + [pycoders weekly](http://www.pycoders.com/)
    + [Planet Python](http://planet.python.org/)
+ Patterns
    + [Python Best Practice Patterns by Vladimir Keleshev]
    (http://stevenloria.com/python-best-practice-patterns-by-vladimir-keleshev-notes/) :
     [[Video]] (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZNUfkVIHAY)
+ [Web Frameworks](https://wiki.python.org/moin/WebFrameworks)
    + [Wheezy.web](https://bitbucket.org/akorn/wheezy.web/) -  lightweight, high performance, high concurrency WSGI web framework
        + [Documentation](http://wheezyweb.readthedocs.org/en/latest/)
    + [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/)
        + Resources
            + [Django Community Blogs](https://www.djangoproject.com/community/blogs/)
            + [Django Blog](https://www.djangoproject.com/weblog/)
            + [Django Snippets](https://djangosnippets.org/snippets/)
            + [Django Packages](https://www.djangopackages.com/)
        + Books and Tutorials
            + [The Django Book(Beginners and Intermediate)](http://www.djangobook.com/) -  1.4, 1.5, and beyond
            + [Two Scoops of django(Beginners and Intermediate)](http://django.2scoops.org/) - Best Practices For Django 1.5
            + [Test-Driven Web Development with Python](http://www.obeythetestinggoat.com/pages/book.html) - Successor to [Test-Driven Django Tutorial](http://www.tdd-django-tutorial.com/)
            + [Tango with Django](http://www.tangowithdjango.com) - A beginner's guide to web development with Django 1.5.4
            + [Hacker News Clone in Django](http://arunrocks.com/building-a-hacker-news-clone-in-django-part-1/)
            + [Getting Started With Django](http://gettingstartedwithdjango.com/)
            + [Django Tutorials](http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLQVvvaa0QuDcTDEowl-b5nQlaDaD82r_s)
            Video Playlist on YoutTube
            + [GoDjango](https://godjango.com/) - Video Screencasts
            + [Django by Example](http://lightbird.net/dbe2/) - Updated for Django 1.5.
            + [A Docker primer – from zero to a running Django app](http://ochronus.com/docker-primer-django/)
        + Getting set up
            + [For Mac OS X](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/starting/install/osx/)
            + [for Mac os X-1](https://leigh-sheneman.squarespace.com/blog/2014/5/19/easy-python-setup-for-a-mac)
            + [For Windows](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/starting/install/win/)
            + [For Linux](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/starting/install/linux/)
        + Learning Python
            + [10 ways to learn Python](http://codecondo.com/10-ways-to-learn-python/)
            + [Think Python](http://www.greenteapress.com/thinkpython/html/)
            + [Learn Python The Hard Way](http://learnpythonthehardway.org/)
            + [A Byte of Python](http://www.swaroopch.com/notes/python/)
            + [Python 101](http://www.rexx.com/~dkuhlman/python_101/python_101.html) 
            + [Codecademy](http://www.codecademy.com/tracks/python)
            + [Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/courses?search=python)
            + [Edx](https://www.edx.org/course/mitx/mitx-6-00-1x-introduction-computer-1841#.U5in4IaP8xA)
        + Libraries
            + [Django Jenkins](https://github.com/kmmbvnr/django-jenkins)-Plug and play continuous integration with django and jenkins
            + [Django Pipeline](http://django-pipeline.readthedocs.org/) is an asset packaging library for Django, providing both CSS and JavaScript concatenation and compression, built-in JavaScript template support, and optional data-URI image and font embedding.
            + [Django Compressor](http://django-compressor.readthedocs.org/) - Compresses linked and inline JavaScript or CSS into a single cached file.
            + [Django Assets](http://elsdoerfer.name/docs/django-assets/) - Part of [Webassets](http://elsdoerfer.name/docs/webassets/)
            + [Django Require(django-require)](https://github.com/etianen/django-require) A Django staticfiles post-processor for optimizing with RequireJS.
            + [Django Storages(django-storages)](http://django-storages.readthedocs.org/) is a collection of custom storage backends for Django.
            + [Django Cumulus(django-cumulus)](http://django-cumulus.readthedocs.org/) is to provide a set of tools to utilize the swiftclient api through Django.
            + [Django Simple Captcha](https://github.com/mbi/django-simple-captcha) is simple and highly customizable application to add captcha images to any form.
            + [Haystack](http://haystacksearch.org/) - Search for Django
              **[[DOC]](http://django-haystack.readthedocs.org/)**
              **[[IRC]](irc://irc.freenode.net/haystack)**
            + [Mezzanine](http://mezzanine.jupo.org/) - A content management platform
            + [Cartridge](http://cartridge.jupo.org/) - Shopping cart application
            + [Userena(django-userena)](http://django-userena.org) Accounts for Django made beautifully simple
            + [South - Migrations](http://south.readthedocs.org/en/latest/) - To be [part of Django core in 1.7](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/releases/1.7/#schema-migrations)
            + [Django Taggit](http://django-taggit.readthedocs.org/) - Simple tagging for django 
        + APIs
            + [Django All Access(django-all-access)](https://django-all-access.readthedocs.org)  is a reusable application for user registration and authentication from OAuth 1.0 and OAuth 2.0
            + [Django REST framework(django-rest-framework)](http://django-rest-framework.org/) - Awesome web-browsable Web APIs.
            + [Django Tastypie](http://django-tastypie.readthedocs.org/en/latest/)
            
    + [Tornado](http://www.tornadoweb.org/)
    + [Pylons (now Pyramid)](http://www.pylonsproject.org/)
    + [CherryPy](http://cherrypy.org/)
    + [Flask](http://flask.pocoo.org/)
    + [Pyjamas(now pyjs)](http://pyjs.org/)
    + [Web.py](http://webpy.org/)
    + [Web2py](http://web2py.com/)
        + Books and Tutorials
            + [Killer Web Development](http://killer-web-development.com/)
+ Libraries
    + [PEP8](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pep8) - Python style guide checker
    + [virtualenvwrapper](http://virtualenvwrapper.readthedocs.org/en/latest/) virtualenvwrapper is a set of extensions to virtualenv tool. 
    + [python-ldap](http://www.python-ldap.org/) provides an object-oriented API to access LDAP directory servers from Python programs.
    + [Pillow(PIL fork)](http://python-imaging.github.io/) - Python Imaging. Don't use <del>PIL</del>
    + [Beautiful Soup](http://www.crummy.com/software/BeautifulSoup/) - a library designed for screen-scraping HTML and XML.
    + [lxml](http://lxml.de/) - XML and HTML with Python
    + [pycrypto](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pycrypto) Python Cryptography Toolkit 
    + [Raven](http://raven.readthedocs.org/) is a Python client for Sentry
    + [IPython](http://ipython.org/ipython-doc/stable/interactive/tutorial.html) - Extended interactive shell
    + [IPDB](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/ipdb) - IPython support for PDB
    + [Templating in Python](https://wiki.python.org/moin/Templating)
        + [Jinja2](http://jinja.pocoo.org/docs/) is a full featured template engine for Python.
        + [Wheezy template](https://bitbucket.org/akorn/wheezy.template) - Compact, Expressive, Clean, Blazingly Fast
        + [Quik](https://github.com/avelino/quik) - A fast and lightweight Python template engine
        + [Airspeed](https://github.com/purcell/airspeed) - A lightweight Python template engine compatible with Velocity
        + [Chameleon](http://pagetemplates.org)
      
    + Parser, Emitter and Convertors
        + [PyYAML](http://pyyaml.org/wiki/PyYAML) - YAML
        + [Beautiful Soup](http://www.crummy.com/software/BeautifulSoup/) - HTML and XML.
        + [lxml](http://lxml.de/) - XML and HTML
      
        + [simplejson](http://simplejson.readthedocs.org/) - JSON
        + [feedparser](http://pythonhosted.org/feedparser/) - Atom and RSS feeds
        + [biplist](https://bitbucket.org/wooster/biplist) - binary plist
        + [CSV module](http://www.pythonforbeginners.com/systems-programming/using-the-csv-module-in-python/)
        + [isz-tool](https://github.com/oserres/isz-tool) - isz-tool is a command line utility 
        + [xhtml2pdf](http://www.xhtml2pdf.com) HTML/CSS to PDF
to manipulate ISZ files (.isz), including .isz to .iso conversion
    + Database
        + [psycopg](http://initd.org/psycopg/) - Psycopg is the most popular PostgreSQL adapter for the Python
        + [MySQLdb](http://mysql-python.sourceforge.net/MySQLdb.html) - MySQL database server that provides the Python database API.
        + [PyMongo](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-python-driver) - The Python driver for MongoDB
        + [Motor](https://github.com/mongodb/motor/) - Non blocking MongoDB driver for use with Tornado
    + Hadoop
        + [mrjob](http://pythonhosted.org/mrjob/) - Lets you write MapReduce jobs in Python 2.5+
        + [Dumbo](http://klbostee.github.io/dumbo/) - Convenient Python API for writing MapReduce programs.
        + [Hadoopy](http://www.hadoopy.com/en/latest/)
        + [Pydoop](http://pydoop.sourceforge.net/docs/)
    + Science and Mathematics    
        + [SciPy](https://www.scipy.org/) - SciPy (pronounced “Sigh Pie”) is a Python-based ecosystem of open-source software for mathematics, science, and engineering    
        + [NumPy](http://www.numpy.org/) - NumPy is the fundamental package for scientific computing with Python. It contains among other things:   
          + a powerful N-dimensional array object  
          + sophisticated (broadcasting) functions   
          + tools for integrating C/C++ and Fortran code   
          + useful linear algebra, Fourier transform, and random number capabilities   
        + [Sympy](http://www.sympy.org) - SymPy is a Python library for symbolic mathematics. It contains the following features:
          + SymPy includes features ranging from basic symbolic arithmetic to calculus, algebra, discrete mathematics and quantum physics.
          + It is capable of formatting the result of the computations as LaTeX code.
          
          [Here's the list of Projects based on Sympy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SymPy#Related_projects)
        + [MatPlotLib](http://matplotlib.org/) - matplotlib is a python 2D plotting library which produces publication quality figures
    + Data Analysis
        + [pandas](http://pandas.pydata.org/) - pandas is an open source, BSD-licensed library providing high-performance, easy-to-use data structures and data analysis tools for the Python programming language
+ Conference
    + [PyCon](http://pycon.org/)
    + [djangocon](http://www.djangocon.us/)
    + [GotoConferences](http://gotocon.com/)
    + Videos
        + [PyCon US Videos - 2009, 2010, 2011](http://blip.tv/pycon-us-videos-2009-2010-2011)
        + [EuroPython Conference - 2013](https://www.youtube.com/user/PythonItalia)
        + [DjangoCon](http://blip.tv/djangocon)
        + [PyVideo](http://pyvideo.org/)
        + [Lanyrd #Python](http://lanyrd.com/topics/python/)
        + [Lanyrd #Django](http://lanyrd.com/topics/django/)
        + [pydanny](http://lanyrd.com/profile/pydanny/)@lanyrd
        + [jacobian](http://lanyrd.com/profile/jacobian/)@lanyrd
        + [jtauber](http://lanyrd.com/profile/jtauber/)@lanyrd
        + [NextDayVideo](http://www.youtube.com/user/NextDayVideo)
+ Miscellaneous
    + [PyMite](https://wiki.python.org/moin/PyMite) - Python on a microcontroller
    + [Pyserial](http://pythonhosted.org/pyserial/) - Pyserial encapsulates the access for the serial port
+ Hosting
    + [Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-python)
    + [Dotcloud](http://docs.dotcloud.com/services/python/)
    + [Appfog](https://docs.appfog.com/languages/python)
    + [AWS Elasticbeanstalk](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/latest/dg/create_deploy_Python.html)
    + [Deis](http://deis.io/) - Private PaaS like Heroku
    + [Webfaction](https://www.webfaction.com/) - Shared hosting
+ Books
    + [Python Algorithms: Mastering Basic Algorithms](http://www.amazon.in/Python-Algorithms-Mastering-Basic-Language/dp/148420056X/ref=dp_ob_title_bk) - Great Book for learning Basic Data Structures and Algorithms in Python (3.9 of 5 by GoodReads)    
    + [Distributed Computing with Python](https://www.packtpub.com/big-data-and-business-intelligence/distributed-computing-python) - A good beginner book for learning about Distrubted Computer Programming in Python
